sent sql request
got json back
going over all users in search of data
found data for user asaf1@colabo.com
found data for user asaf1@colabo.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.holder@oracle.com
found data for user matt.hatcher@oracle.com
found data for user matt.hatcher@oracle.com
found data for user matt.hatcher@oracle.com
found data for user matt.hatcher@oracle.com
found data for user gaby.ransom@oracle.com
found data for user gaby.ransom@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user aaron.symicek@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user andrew.fung@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user miranda.nghiem@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user lauren.walson@oracle.com
found data for user mark.norwich@oracle.com
found data for user mark.norwich@oracle.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
found data for user larry.ulsh@snmc.com
going over all users found, calling for blocksForbookmark
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
called for blocksForBookmark and got a response
writing to csv
done
